Add a note about using Globalize (#6905)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/40 Angular Components/10 Getting Started/03 Add DevExtreme to an Angular CLI Application/08 Register 3rd-Party Dependencies/02 Globalize Registration.md

[important]

The Globalize package is outdated and potentially insecure. Reports from the Snyk security checker highlight vulnerabilities associated with this package.

> Use Globalize at your own risk. We will remove Globalize from our installation, templates, and demos in version 25.1. For a more secure solution, we recommend switching to Intl.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use Globalize at your own risk. In v25.1, we will remove Globalize from our installation, templates, and demos. We recommend switching to IntlFor, a more secure solution.
```
